https://www.tum.de/fileadmin/w00bfo/www/Studium/Studienangebot/Lesbare_Fassung/Master/AI_in_Society_MA_Studiengangsdokumentation_22072024.pdf , Pg No: 18, Section: 6

In summary, the curriculum is structured as follows:

1. Foundation and Introduction: The program begins with foundational courses in AI, Data 
Science, Introduction to Programming & Data Processing, AI in and for Society: Science, 
Technology and Society in the Digital Age, as well as courses on Law, Governance, & 
Regulation of AI, and an introduction to Psychology of learning and instructional design of 
AI-based systems. These foundation and introductory courses in the M.Sc. program "AI in 
Society" aim to equip students with a foundational understanding of AI, data science, 
programming, and the societal implications of AI. Recognizing the diverse academic 
backgrounds of incoming students, these compulsory courses ensure a consistent and 
unified knowledge base across AI concepts, programming, and the societal aspects of AI. 
This approach fosters a shared terminological foundation, enabling students from various 
disciplines to engage effectively throughout the program. These foundational courses are 
compulsory to guarantee that all students, regardless of their previous bachelor-level 
academic backgrounds, attain a consistent understanding of essential subjects and foster a 
unified terminological foundation in AI concepts, programming, regulation and politics of AI.
The aim of each module and their contribution to the achievement of the qualification profile 
are provided in Table 1.

2. Deepening Knowledge and Skills: The next set of courses, including Deep Learning, 
Explainable AI, Social Science Methods for Studying AI in Society (Academic Competencies
and Practical Skills and Methods 1), and AI in Diverse Societies, as described in Table 1 are 
designed to deepen the students' knowledge and understanding, forming the basis for the 
development and/or application of independent ideas. These courses also start to introduce 
the application of knowledge, with students expected to integrate existing and new 
knowledge in complex contexts, make scientifically sound decisions, and carry out 
application-oriented projects.

3. Specialization and Application: The final set of courses, including Natural Language 
Processing, Human-AI Interaction, and Project week (see Table 1), allow students to 
specialize in their areas of interest and apply their knowledge and skills to real-world 
scenarios. These courses are designed to further enhance the students' ability to design 
research questions, choose and justify concrete ways of operationalizing research, select 
and justify research methods, and explain and critically interpret research results.

4. Elective Modules (a preliminary selection is provided in Table 2) offer the opportunity to 
deepen knowledge in applications of AI. The list of elective modules will grow continuously 
with newly appointed colleagues joining the School of Social Sciences and Technology.

5. Master's Thesis: The program culminates in a Master's thesis, which requires students to 
apply all the knowledge, skills, and competencies they have acquired throughout the program 
to a substantial piece of independent research.