Body:
[REDACTED],
Applications are open until May 31st. After this date, we will review all applicants and their submitted documents. If everything is fine with your documents, we will invite you to the written aptitude test. We can’t tell you yet when the test will be. But it will be after May 31st.
We will try to let you know about the result of the aptitude test as quick as possible afterwards.
Best wishes

Betreff: Re: Re: Inquiring about the application requirement of AI in Society
[REDACTED],
Thank you for your kind and prompt reply. I have another question regarding the admission timeline. I want to know, when will the review of applicaion documents will be taken? For example, if I submitted my application in March, when wil I know be asked to take the examination, and when will I know the admission result?
Thank you for your help.

[REDACTED],
Thank you for your interest in the M.Sc. AI in Society.
To prove your completion of a practical project, you will find a form to fill out inside the application process. There you will be asked to enter the module title and module description. Please translate these into English and insert in the form.
For proof, you will also have to provide your Transcript of Records when you’re applying. This module should also be listed there. It would be best if you could submit a Transcript of Records issued by your university in English. If your university does not provide this document in English automatically, please ask them to issue an [REDACTED] for you.
You do not need to submit your thesis for the application.
I hope I could answer your question. If something is still unclear, please reach back out to me.
---

Betreff: Inquiring about the application requirement of AI in Society
[REDACTED],
I hope this letter finds you well. I am writing to inquire about the application requirement of AI in Society.
As part of the application requirements, it is required to complete a practical projec. [REDACTED]'s Thesis is about the use of intelligent algorithms to enhance the energy efficiency of environmental systems.
Given the project was conducted and written in Chinese, I want to ask:
  1.What format should the documentation of the completed project take?
  2. Since my thesis was not written in English, would the original thesis document, accompanied by an English introduction summarizing it, suffice as proof of the project's completion?
  3. Is there any additional material or information that I should provide?
Thank you for considering my inquiry. I look forward to your guidance.